Clarify on U15 (#184)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api-faq.md

## Can a Vipps user less than 15 years old use Vipps Login?

> No, Vipps Login requires a full Vipps profile. Users below the age of 15 using our U15 product can not use Vipps Login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Vipps Login requires a full Vipps profile. Users below the age of 15 using can not use Vipps Login. See the [help pages for Vipps for those under 15 years](https://vipps.no/hjelp/vipps/under-15/hvordan-oppretter-jeg-vipps-for-de-under-15-år/).
```
